okay I got six booster packs Captain
America heroclix then open them for you
yeah one hopefully I get wet next
hopefully first one awesome yeah if you
haven't seen this one this is the one
that everybody's been getting he has the
captain america and then comes a red
skull another captain america another
captain america and in a SHIELD agent so
i got right skull Steve Rogers Bucky cap
and what is that slingshot and rare cap
later this want the removable shield all
right second booster alright that
another super rare Baron Strucker
Crimson Dynamo super adaptoid adaptoid
and Hydra agents to super rares to
booster packs so all right can we get a
chase here hey this one is got howling
commando jack flag alena bulova claw and
dark star do dark star that's really
cool that little snakes around her all
right three down three to go
alright no super rares the Hellfire
Viper diamondback metallo mentally and
Hydra agents number four all right go
super rare then I got stonewalled mr.
Hyde doorman nightshade and let's see
gorgone is my rare and last one I don't
know I don't know hopefully this is it
huh and now I got Falcon and let's see I
got scientist supreme rare Phobos
slingshot and shield agent all right
that's it